[SVLS-7985] add readme lint script (#1964)
DataDog/datadog-ci: packages/plugin-cloud-run/README.md

| `--log-level` | | Specify your Datadog log level. | |
| `--llmobs` | | If specified, enables LLM Observability for the instrumented service(s) with the provided ML application name. | |
| `--extra-tags` | | Add custom tags to your Cloud Run service in Datadog. Must be a list of `<key:><value>` separated by commas. | |

> | `--source-code-integration` | | Whether to enable Datadog Source Code Integration. This will tag your service(s) with the Git respository and the latest commit hash of the local directory. | `true` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--source-code-integration` | | Whether to enable Datadog Source Code Integration. This tags your service(s) with the Git repository and the latest commit hash of the local directory. | `true` |
```

> | `--source-code-integration` | | Whether to enable Datadog Source Code Integration. This will tag your service(s) with the Git respository and the latest commit hash of the local directory. | `true` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--source-code-integration` | | Whether to enable the Datadog Source Code integration. This tags your service(s) with the Git repository and the latest commit hash of the local directory. | `true` |
```
